[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome to my fifth
day at university so this particular day
it was actually freshers fayre okay
thanks Callum and I are
even though it's not particularly quiet
yeah if you didn't know freshers fayre
is where all of the societies at the
university set up stalls and people can
come round and they can learn more about
societies and they can sign up for
societies and it's really good fun I had
two hours which I spent on the Harry
Potter stool basically talking to new
members and then I just had a look
around and I signed up for a few that
are too precious that it was so so hot
so if my windows I'm going to I have a
cold shower
so then Here I am packing my bag and you
might be wondering why I am packing my
bag and that's because I was actually
going up to London this evening I was
going to see a musical which was
starring someone I know and I really
didn't wanna miss excess her last night
[Music]
and so on the train ride up to London I
just decided to do some work so I did
some readings looked out at the
beautiful countryside I absolutely loved
the train ride Baxter it's so beautiful
here I was just writing it to do list of
things I wanted to get done over the
weekend
and then here I was doing some
philosophy readings it's kind of become
a theme that I do have quite a few
readings today it's the nature of the
course I do
but yes here I was just getting through
some more of the language readings for
my philosophy of language module and
then I came into Paddington okay
[Music]
I told you what they were saying
missing Adrian long the reason - which
matters
this is the last time you'll be able to
see her and I don't miss it
the show starts in 20 minutes
you're very emotional very uplifted that
was amazing and it was
Tilly's last night so we came to see
tinny and it was her last night and mum
was just so big open it was just such an
incredible performance and all of the
child actors all of the actors everyone
as I said the show was incredible and we
basically just got the train back home
so I spent Sunday at home and I came
back on Monday
and my mum took this clip because both
of us both my sister and I look so
different we always get comments about
this the fact that we are just so so
dissimilar and it is very true but we
get on very well actually which is which
is very nice so thank you so much for
watching this very short vlog I hope
that you enjoyed it and I hope that you
have
[Music]